update offline docs to debug helth of on-perm k8s cluster and automate fixing failed control plane components (#585)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/docs.md

  --set-file tls.key=/path/to/tls.key \
  --values values/sftd/values.yaml
```

### (Optional) Health-Check deployed k8s cluster

> There might be possibility that the provided compute resources does not match the requried resources for deploying whole application, that might lead to cluster being in unhealthy state. Some of the healh checks are -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It could be that the provided Kubernetes cluster resources do not match the required resources of the application. This may lead to an unhealthy state. Some of the health checks are:
```

> -> Check if enough resources are available on the worker nodes -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Check if enough resources are available on the worker nodes
```

```
d kubectl describe node <node_name>
```

For each node make sure the Allocated resources(last section returned from the above command) have Limits less than 100%, if not, get all the deployments
```
d kubectl get deployments
```

> Edit the resources section and decrese the Limits for deployments having higher resource allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the resources section and decrease the limits for deployments having higher resource allocation.
```

```
d kubectl edit deployment <deployment_name>
```

> -> Check if cluster control-plane is in healthy state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Check if cluster control-plane is in healthy state
```

```
d kubectl get cs
```

> The above command should not return any error message on the component's status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command should not return any error messages on the component's status
```

> In case Readiness and Startup probes are failing for the kube-schedular or controller-manager pods, disable their secure port access -

Reviewer 2: are there security reprecussions to this? it's fine for our KVM testing, but... i would feel bad if customers follow this.
